Previously onSWAT...TAN: Hey, you remember
Miguel Alfaro, Long Beach SWAT.
Was just filling me in
on some of your
LBPD war stories.
Only the good ones, Streeter.
Promise.
I've known Alfaro
since I was 19.
We were in the Academy
together in Long Beach.
I just don't trust him.
NICHELLE:
A couple members on the panel
still see me
as a cop's girlfriend.
I'm afraid they'll
think I'm biased
if I rule
in the officer's favor.
HONDO:
Powell ignored orders,
didn't she?
Look, Powell is stubborn,
but I really do think
that she's worth investing in.
HONDO:
You get Powell squared away.
She's your responsibility now.
This is my wife Bonnie.
Nice to finally meet you.
Last night, I was
at Del Fresco's for dinner.
I saw Bonnie.
She was there with a guy.
We just figured
you'd want to know.
That you think
my wife is cheating on me.
If you don't believe me,
ask her.
TAN: How long?Six months.
TAN:
Bonnie, get out.
[rock music playing]
BARTENDER:
Be right with you guys.MAN: Yeah, thanks.
Another?
Make it a double.
[man laughs loudly]
Cheers, everybody!
Cheers to the birthday girl![others cheering]
Mind watching it?
You're at a bar, man.
Yeah, well, some of us
just want to drink in peace.
Then go home.
[sighs]
Can't do that.
You got dumped, huh?
Why don't you back off, man?
I can see why she left you.
Here's hoping
she found someone better.
Hey.
BARTENDER:
Hey, knock it off!
I said, stop it!
You hear me?! Stop it!
[grunting]
No! Stop! Dude, stop!Get off me!
Sit down. Sit down!
The police are on their way.
Stay right there.
HONDO: Oh, come on.
Not this thing again.
The lady at the class said
swaddling is very important,
very tricky.
Let's just use a zipper thing.[phone buzzing]
That would be cheating.
Hmm. Wait. What?
What's wrong?Tan spent the night
in the drunk tank.
Wouldn't let anybody
call me till this morning.
He's probably
embarrassed.
Apparently, he got
in a fight in some bar.
Baby, I'm sorry. I got
to bail on breakfast.
I know Hicks is gonna want
to deal with Tan first thing.
[phone chimes]
Hondo, wait.
I just got a text
about Tan, too.
From the inspector general.I.G.? No, no.
My guy from the Sixth Division
said there was no arrest,
didn't seem like anyone was
going to press charges.
That normally means that
SWAT handles issues internally.
All I know is she's
calling for a meeting
to review the incident.
A bar fight?
Uncontrolled behavior
at its worst?
I expect better
from anyone on the LAPD,
but a SWAT officer?
Disgraceful.
I'm sorry, sir.Damn right, you're sorry.
You're riding the bench
for a month.
What about 20-Squad?
We've already discussed
replacement options.
Is there anything you want
to say about this at all?
I went out, had too much to
drink, I made a stupid choice.
Mostly, I'm glad
nobody got seriously hurt.
Desk duty starts today. I don't
care how hungover you are.
Get to it.
Stupid choice is
an understatement.
[sighs]
Yeah, I'm frustrated
with him, too,
but at least he took
his punishment standing up.
This might not be
the end of it.
Nichelle says the inspector
general's getting involved.
That's ridiculous.
I'll give the I.G. a call,
tell her we got it handled.
You get started
on the paperwork.
Deac.Just heard about Tan.
How is he?Well, I saw him
before he went in
with Hicks and Hondo.
He's a little rough around
the edges, but he's okay.
I'm just surprised.
He's not the type
to lose control like that.
You know something I don't.
I heard something.
It's kind of private.
If Tan's not sharing, I can't.Okay.
I can... I can respect that.
Listen, Hondo's gonna be
tied up with this Tan situation.
And Luca's in San Diego
all weekend with a T-lie thing.
Well, we can't roll out
shorthanded.We won't.
It's next man up.
50-Squad is off today
so Rocker's agreed to join us.
He's bringing one of his guys
with him.
Oh, don't say it.
Miguel Alfaro is available,
and he's solid.
I don't have a problem
with his skills, Deacon.
It's-it's the ego.
ALFARO:
Hey.
What's going on?
Rest easy, 20-Squad.
Duty called,
and the best
of the best answered.
So you just
might be able
to keep up with us?
That's good to know.
Oh, today's gonna be fun.
Uh, Rocker's talking to Hondo.
He'll be out in a second.
DEACON:
I appreciate
you guys joining us.
Why don't you go
get geared up?
[laughs]
Please.
It's just Powell's finally
started to drop the attitude.
And the way Alfaro is...
I don't know. I just...
I don't want him
to trip her up,
get her sliding back
into bad habits.
All right.
Then we'll keep an eye on it.
It's just for one day.
Sergeant Kay,
this is Sergeant Samuel Clark
from Major Crimes.
He's requested 20-Squad
execute a raid today
on an Armenian crime ring,
the culmination
of a lengthy investigation.
The group is
about 12 men strong.
Deals mainly in counterfeiting.
Their leader is David Nazarian.
DEACON:
Yeah, I know this guy.
LAPD's been trying
to build a case against him for
a long time, but charges never
seem to stick.Well, they will this time.
We've had an undercover
embedded for six months,
gathering evidence.
Erik Arkun.Alias Alex Gaspard.
He's pretty young
to be an undercover.
He's one of our best recruits.
Arkun cracked
the ring's inner circle.
Got invited
to a meet-up today
where Nazarian
and seven of his men
are gonna be processing
the latest batch
of counterfeit bills.HICKS:
It'll give us an opportunity
to finally catch
Nazarian red-handed.
Get-together's at
an out-of-business restaurant.
Patrol will coordinate
the perimeter, 20-Squad
will handle the raid.
Roger that.
Sergeant? Major Crimes
has invested a lot
in developing
Arkun's cover.
Want to keep it intact,
use him for a future operation.
It's simple enough. We will
arrest your guy alongside
Nazarian and the others,
we'll make it look like he got
swept up in the raid.
Goes without saying,
Detective Arkun is my guy,
my responsibility.
Yeah, getting him out safely
is SWAT's top priority.
Major Crimes
is expecting nine guys total,
including Nazarian
and their undercover.
All right. Remember,
we're putting on a show.
You find Detective Arkun, you
cuff him, just like the rest,
but you ID him
over the radio
as "bogey in custody"
so we know he's safe.
Let's go.
26-David
approaching the restaurant.
Front window's
obscured.
POWELL:
They've got cameras.
Could already see us coming.
30-David approaching the back.
We got a camera here, too.
We need to be quick.
DEACON:
Breach on my count. Three.
Two, one.
LAPD. Put your hands up!
On your stomach!
Hands out. Now!
LAPD! Don't move!
Alfaro, I got your six.
Going hands on.
Hands behind your back! Now!
Two suspects in custody.[flex-cuff tightens]
Third suspect in custody.[flex-cuff tightens]
LAPD!
Give me your hands.
Fourth suspect in custody.
[metallic clink]
Show me your hands.
Hold 'em.All right, all right.
On your knees.
I got him.[clatter nearby]
I got a runner!
[grunting]
Get on your stomach!
Fifth suspect in custody.
You're a beast, Powell.
DEACON:
Sixth suspect in custody.
Get on your knees.
Back is clear.
What's the status up front?
STREET:
Front is clear.
That's not right.
There should have been more
than six guys here.
And no one said "bogey."
What do we got?
We did a secondary sweep.
No sign of Detective Arkun
or Nazarian.
When's the last time
you had contact with Arkun?
Last night.
Everything was fine.
He understood the plan.
He was certain of his intel.
He should've been here.
Guys, got something.
Check this out.
The feed from the
security cameras outside.
This was ten minutes
before we arrived.
ROCKER:
That's Arkun and Nazarian
leaving the restaurant
together.
The third guy
is Peter Melkonyan,
Nazarian's right-hand man.
DEACON:He doesn't look
too trusting of Arkun.
Is there a possibility
he's been made?
If he has, they're gonna kill
him, if they haven't already.
HICKS:
Well, the way
I see it, our job
was to bring Arkun home,
so we're not gonna stop
until that job is done.
♪ ♪
Crew members 20-Squad scooped up
are in holding.
So far, nobody's talking.
Commander,
I chose Detective Arkun
for this assignment personally,
and you saw that tape.
If they've realized
he's a cop...
I understand, Sergeant.
Crime techs just called.
They pulled
something interesting
from a trash can
outside of the apartment.
That's Arkun's handwriting.
He left behind a message.
"N." Let's assume
that's Nazarian.
"Into more than dollars." Has
your investigation suggested
that Nazarian's into anything
other than counterfeiting?
Well, Arkun had a theory
that Nazarian was branching out,
but I never bought in.
Well, it looks like Arkun
decided to pursue it on his own.
At least that means
he stayed under voluntarily.
So what are you saying?
We leave him under?
No. He's already attracted
the wrong kind of attention.
And when Nazarian hears
about the raid this morning,
his situation's only
going to get worse.
His instincts
about Nazarian may be correct,
but I think we need
to pull your detective, ASAP.
I agree, but first,
we have to find him.
Well, we've already got
a BOLO out
on the vehicle
they left the restaurant in.
Good. Let's coordinate
with patrol and get unis
checking Nazarian's known
properties and hangouts.
The cops raided the restaurant.
Heard on the way over.
Fortunately, we were
already gone.
Alex's intuition
paid off.
Just saw a cop car parked
in a weird spot, that's all.
They shouldn't have known
about the restaurant.
Somebody's talking.
And I think it's him.Whoa, whoa.
I got us away
from the cops this morning.
We bring him in for real
on the counterfeiting,
and the police bust us.
That's no coincidence.
Or maybe your spot wasn't
as secure as you thought.
We'd all be in lock-up
right now if not for Alex.
Oh?Come on.
Where is the truck?
Outside.
Needs to be unloaded.
Go get it done.
I'm telling you,
we have a leak!
I don't disagree.
Someone is talking.
Until we find out who,
no one leaves alone.
I'm with you, Nazarian.
I swear.NAZARIAN:
Then prove it.
Give Peter your phone and
your gun, let him do his work.
[scoffs]
[knocking]
Nothing from the BOLO yet.
I had Major Crimes send over
their full file
on the Armenian mob.
Their investigation focused
on the counterfeiting,
so, it's possible
they collected a hint
of what Nazarian was expanding
into without knowing it.
Yeah, could help us locate where
Nazarian took Detective Arkun.
Yeah.
Street and Powell are
going through it right now.
HICKS:
All right, good.Commander.
Sorry to interrupt
your busy day.
Edward. I figured
the union would be
sending you over
to see Tan.Yeah.
The inspector general told me
she'd be making a recommendation
about the incident.
Well, she still hasn't
finalized her decision,
but I asked Mr. Yannick
to join us
so I could tell you
all at once.
Mm-hmm.
The I.G. is leaning toward
a heavier punishment for Tan
than what SWAT laid out.What?
How much heavier?Two weeks suspension
without pay.
Okay, wait a minute.
This is Tan's first
and only conduct issue.
He's been on SWAT for eight
years, he was Vice before that.
Not one black mark
in his file.
YANNICK:
This isn't about Tan.
This is about City Hall
sending a statement.
They've got
an image problem
right on the heels
of those two Hollenbeck officers
that got into trouble
last month.
Yeah, brawling in a parking lot
after a basketball game.
Press had
a field day with it.
So Tan's getting swept up
into LAPD's damage control.
Brass comes down hard on him,
they mitigate some of
their bad PR for the department.
You said the I.G. is leaning
toward a heavier punishment.
We're meeting again
this afternoon
to finalize a recommendation.
Nichelle, you know Tan.
You know this was
a one-off stupid mistake.
You have to convince
the inspector general
to leave the politics
out of it.HONDO: We know this
is a lot to ask,
and that the personal side of
this is probably causing trouble
for you as it is.
It's... not that.
I believe
in the recommendation
we're discussing.
I think Tan
should be suspended.
Just wanted to give you
a heads-up.
Hey.
I can't believe
you're supporting this.
The panel talked about Tan
all morning.
We went over all the statements,
all the reports,
and yes, we did talk
about those Hollenbeck officers,
and maybe that influenced
some of the other auditors--
I don't know-- but for me,
this is about what Tan did.
Nichelle, two weeks seems like
nothing, but a suspension...
It'll affect
the rest of his career.
It'll make getting promotions
harder to achieve.
He will stall out.I didn't agree lightly,
Hondo, but I do agree.
And I knew this might upset you.
That's part of why I came over
here to talk in person.
Look, Hondo,
you're allowed to have
complicated feelings
about this.
Tan is your teammate.
You know him better than anyone.
All right, just give me a chance
to figure out
what's going on with my boy.
Right now, I don't understand
his behavior.
I don't know what I'm missing,
but give me a chance.
I'll see if I can
buy you some time.
[sighs]
Man, everything
Major Crimes collected
is about counterfeiting.
Nothing points
to what Nazarian's new
business might be.
Guess I'm gonna lose five bucks.
Alfaro bet me that
the unis searching Nazarian's
properties would get results
faster than you and me
with these records.
Just, uh, don't get caught up
in his games.
Oh, it's just his humor.
He's fine.
Actually, Alfaro told me I might
be perfect for Rocker's team.
Too bad there's no open slots
on 50-Squad.
He told me there's gonna be.
Their P-II
is transferring out.
You see, this is exactly
what I was worried about.
Alfaro might act
like he's top dog,
but he does not have
team authority like that.
Hondo and Rocker
would have to go to Hicks,
and that's
not happening.
So, you don't think
it's a real offer?
What I think is that
he sees me training you,
so he's messing with you
to mess with me.
It's-it's all nonsense.
Okay.
What?
Nothing.
Oh, go on, spill.
You remember what it was like
to be the problem child
on 20-Squad,
every compliment
followed by a "but."
Of course.
It was just nice to have
a fellow SWAT officer
say, "You're skilled,"
end of sentence.Right.
Unis finished searching
Nazarian's properties
and hangouts.
Not even a whiff of him
or Detective Arkun.
Well, then we've officially
hit a dead end.
Not necessarily. We still have
his guys down in holding.
Uh, they're not talking.
No, but I think
this guy might.
POWELL:
Adam Grigoryan. According to
Sergeant Clark's charts,
he's lowest on the totem pole.
So, he's the least trusted.
He's not gonna know anything.
Maybe he doesn't have to.
Just go with me on this.
According to the file,
Nazarian does not have
a driver's license.
This guy takes him everywhere.
So, he may not know what's
going on, but he'll know where.
Already told you,
I'm not talking.[door closes]
Well, that's a shame.
You got no priors,
had no weapon on you
this morning.
STREET:Yeah, the only charge
is counterfeiting,
that's a wobbler.
A wobbler?
The D.A. gets to decide
if it's a felony or misdemeanor.
Big difference between doing
some serious hard time
or summary probation.
STREET:You're not even really
one of them. All you did
was drive
Nazarian around.
Okay? You really want
to spend the next decade
in prison for that?
We don't even want
to know anything
about Nazarian's
operation,
or what he does.
You keep that to yourself.
All we want to know is where
you spend your time, Adam.
We've already
checked out
Nazarian's properties.
What are we missing?
I just tell you
where else we go,
and you'll talk
to the D.A. for me?
I got her
on speed dial.
Sometimes, we visit
an office building downtown.
And yesterday,
we went to a warehouse.
Show us.
Warehouse is up ahead.
All right, Street and Rocker
just finished a walk-through
of the office building
Grigoryan gave up.
No sign of Nazarian
or Arkun.
Then let's hope the warehouse
gets us something.
DISPATCHER [over radio]:
Dispatch to 30-David.
30-David.DISPATCHER: 911 operator
just received
a medical call from the address
you're headed to.
Male, late-20s, cardiac
and respiratory distress.
911 call?
No, the warehouse can't be
Nazarian's business spot.
He'd let his men die
before calling the authorities
to his own door.It could be a trap,
but if it's real,
we're the closest unit.
All right,
take the med kit.
We go in,
but we stay on alert.
30-David, responding.
All right, Powell,
set up a perimeter.
Wait for the EMTs.Roger that.
Two workers, appear unarmed.
All right,
clear out, fellas.
Typical
shipping equipment.
But these aren't
Nazarian's guys.
All right.
LAPD.
Responding to a 911 call.[gasps]
He's over here.
He's having a seizure. Please.DEACON: All right.
Hey, what happened?
WORKER:
One of the crates
fell from the shelf.
Jesse went to clean it up,
and he started
coughing like crazy.
DEACON: Whoa, whoa,
that's powder residue.
That could be
drug exposure.
Everybody out of here now.
Let's go.
He's got blue lips,
difficulty breathing.
Looks like opiates,
could be fentanyl.Come on.
Need to hit him with Narcan.
All right, administering
Narcan now.
Is Jesse gonna be okay?
Narcan blocks opiates
in the system, it should help.
It's not working.
Come on, come on, come on.
All right.
Administering
second dose.
We got here within minutes,
it should be working.
There's no pulse.
He's gone.
[sirens blaring]
ALFARO:
All right, everybody,
move, move.
EMTs tested, confirmed that
it was an opiate exposure,
but it was not
fentanyl.
It's nothing that
they've seen before.
Listen, Commander,
whatever it is, it's potent.
We responded quickly.
I-I gave the poor guy two doses
of Narcan to no effect.
So, we're dealing with
a powerful new mystery drug.
[scoffs] Not welcome news.
Any sign
of Nazarian
or Arkun there?
No, we swept the place.
All clear.
Commander, we did talk
to the manager.
He said that the-the crate
that the drugs were in
was part of a larger shipment
that got picked up
last night. This one
must've got left behind.
All right.
So, this must be the new
business Arkun caught wind of.
Nazarian's branching out
into the L.A. drug scene.
Doing a damn fine job.
He's got crates of a
dangerous unknown opiate,
LAPD officer,
and he's dropped
completely off of our radar.
Damn it.
Talk to me.Narcotics lab took a look
at the mystery drug they found
at the warehouse.
They ID'd it as isotonitazene,
street name "Iso."
It's a cutting-edge
synthetic opiate.
It's even deadlier
than fentanyl.
Crack down on one drug,
someone engineers a newer,
scarier option.ROCKER: Got to be
what Arkun meant
when he said Nazarian was
into something more dangerous.
But we've been all over
Nazarian for a year.
Never found
any trace of drugs
or processing equipment
at any of the known warehouses.
Well, he must have a location
you don't know about.
A place to hide drugs
and Arkun.
Okay, but the problem is, we
have no idea where the Iso went
once it left the warehouse
and no way to track it.Actually, we might.
According to Narcotics,
you need something
called phenylacetic acid
to refine the Iso.
Now, it can be
purchased legally,
but, because it's
a controlled substance,
the FDA tracks it.
Well, if we can get
the purchase records for L.A.,
maybe we can ID
Nazarian's transaction,
see where
it was shipped.
I'll make that call.
That's the last of them.
Hey, hold up.
Stepping out for a smoke.
No one leaves,
especially not you.Okay.
Okay.
Can I have
my phone back yet?
I'm not done with it.
ARKUN:
You're wasting your time.
You're not gonna find
anything on there.
We'll see.
Heard you guys are looking
for a missing undercover.
Yeah, but I realized
I hadn't taken a minute
to see how you're doing.
I feel stupid,
but I'm fine.
Tan.
It's really hard for me
to imagine you snapping
just 'cause you had
a couple of drinks.
I can feel something's up,
so talk to me.
Your ring's gone.
What?
Your wedding ring.Yeah.
Guess I don't know
what to do with it.
Bonnie and I are over.
Over? What happened?
She cheated on me.
Found out a couple days ago.
I went to the bar because, well,
not taking it so well.
Tan, why didn't you say
anything? If I had known you...
There's nothing
you could've done.
Doesn't matter now. It's not
a secret anymore anyway.
Sorry, boss.
I need another coffee.
STREET:
Hey.
Hicks reached out
to the FDA.
Hopefully, there's something
in their purchase records
we can use
to find Nazarian's lab.
Great.
Something else?
Look, um,
please, just stop messing
with Powell.
Uh... I'm not.
Well, I mean, you basically
told her she could switch
to Rocker's team,
which we both know isn't true.
Listen, I'm sorry. Maybe I
shouldn't have said anything.
Look, Powell and I have been
working really hard to get her
trained up
to be on 20-Squad.
You're lucky Hicks
didn't hear this little joke.
I mean, he takes team
assignments really seriously.
I know he does because Rocker
told me how big a deal it was
that Hicks approved us
approaching Powell.
Hicks approved her
switching squads?Yeah.
I might've jumped the gun
talking to Powell about it,
but I wasn't
making it up.
If Hicks signed off on it,
that means
Hondo must've approved
the trade, too.
I assume so.
Look, between
you and me,
look, I heard she had
some problems,
but from what I've seen today,
she's doing great.
Yeah, I thought she was, too.
Heard the FDA
got back to us.
Yep. Got a list
of phenylacetic acid purchases
over the last
few months.
Doesn't look like Nazarian used
any of his shell companies
or his crew members
to make the purchase.
POWELL:
Gorgeous Beauty Supply,
owner is Ellen Ohanyan.
Why is that name familiar?
CLARK:
Because you read it
in Major Crimes' files.
She's Nazarian's daughter.
Estranged
for most of her life,
she reached out to Nazarian
after her mother died
a couple months ago.
Is it possible Ellen's involved
in Nazarian's
criminal activities?
LAPD had no reason
to suspect
Ellen of anything,
and that beauty supply
store is real.
Yeah, but maybe that's why
Nazarian used her.
Ellen could purchase
the chemicals
he needed without
raising any flags.
Where was it delivered?
Wasn't delivered.
FDA says the phenylacetic acid
was claimed
in person
from a depot.
So, we still don't know
where Nazarian took the Iso
or Detective Arkun.DEACON: Yeah, but we now know
about Ellen.
Pull her property records.
It's possible
Nazarian's hiding more
behind her name.
Commander.
Yeah?I spoke to Tan.
He's got something
personal going on
that fed into what happened
last night.All right.
Well, we should call Nichelle
and explain the circumstance.
Maybe she'll change her mind
and get the I.G.
to cut Tan a break.This isn't about Nichelle
or the inspector general.
It's about Tan. I'm worried.
Last night, he snapped
and got in a bar fight.
Uh-huh.Today, it's like
he's completely numb.
Now, what he told me explains
some of it, but I don't know.
Something
still ain't right.
Well, he's in
a bad place.
Sounds like
his marriage is over.
I had no idea they were
having trouble.I guess it was recent.
But what's killing me is
he never said a word about it.
Deacon tells me
that some of the team
knew something was going on,
but they didn't feel like
it was their place to share,
and I hate that.
[phone buzzing]I hate that Tan's been hurting
all alone. That's my guy.
I should've noticed.
Deacon found something.
Let's go.
Sergeant Clark went back over
to Major Crimes.
I wanted to look
at my notes,
see if there's
anything useful
that didn't make it
into Nazarian's file.
He was able to dig up
some of Ellen's records.What'd you find?
Well, Nazarian's daughter
has her storefront,
condo, plus her mother's
old storage unit
and a house in the Valley.
So, if Nazarian is using
one of her places to hide,
he's got options to choose from.
Yeah, but there's more.
Major Crimes was right,
the beauty shop
is legit, but I took a harder
look at her other financials.
The-the bank statements,
the accounts,
they-they
don't add up.
But looking through
past investigations,
it's clear Ellen's been hiding
money for Nazarian for years.
She's the missing piece.
So, Nazarian wasn't using her.
Ellen's up to her neck
in the family business.
Yeah, and now,
she's helping Nazarian
expand into the drug trade.
Okay, at one point,
Arkun was working Ellen,
softening her with the thought
of turning her into a C.I.
So, if he doesn't suspect her,
and he gets into a tight spot,
he might look to Ellen
as a potential ally.
All the more reason
to find him fast.
Let's narrow this down.
Told you so.
If you haven't found
anything by now,
you're not going to.[scoffs]
Nazarian asked me
to look into you, so I am.
At the end of the day,
he trusts me.
When I tell Nazarian
something is off with you,
it's game over.
I'm loyal.
[laughs] Yeah,
keep practicing that.
It's not gonna
save you.
[door opens]
Hey, Ellen,
you got a second?
For you? Always.
I'm glad you're here.
Seeing you
is basically
the silver lining
to being dragged out here,
so...Listen, um,
your father and I
are-are kind of on,
uh, dicey footing
right now.
We talked about this. You know
I don't care what my dad thinks.
Hey, don't worry.
Whatever it is, it'll blow over.
Not this time.
Ellen, I'm a cop,
and the net is about to close
on your father, but I can
keep you clear of it,
if you help me.
You're LAPD?Listen to me,
you're not a part
of Nazarian's world.
You don't have to
get dragged down with him.
I don't understand.Don't be afraid.
Just tell Peter you need
my help with something.
I can get outof here,
and my boss can get you
into witness protection.
And immunity?
Full immunity.I will call
the D.A. myself to ask.
Okay.
Yeah. Let me
go talk to Peter.
Ellen's condo is a loft.
It's not an ideal spot
for Nazarian to refine his Iso.
It's too small.
That still leaves three places
they could've taken Arkun.
The storefront
might be too public?
The shop itself, sure,
but there's a whole stockroom
in the back.
Storage unit and the house
are large and private enough.
[phone buzzes]Hold on, that's my private
number. Give me a second.
Does Nazarian need anything else
to process the Iso?
A furnace, some equipment?
No. It's kitchen chemistry
at this point.
He could do it at any one
of these places.CLARK: It's Arkun.
But the call's not coming
from his number.
What did you do?
ARKUN:Ellen,
don't do this.
He wanted me
to help him.
He said he's a cop.
PETER:
I knew it.
HICKS:
He must've tried to use Ellen.
His cover's blown.
All right, but he got
his hands on a phone.
Clark, conference us in.
If the line stays open,
we can trace the call.
Don't move.
So, you're LAPD, huh?
Come on.
Are you linked up yet?Almost.
PETER:
Can't wait to tell Nazarian
I was right all along.
ARKUN:
Get off me. Get off me!
Got the trace.
All right, the cell signal
pinged off that tower, and
that's within range of Ellen's
mother's house in the Valley.
HONDO:That's got to be
where they took him.
That's Nazarian's hideout.Deacon, get over there.
They know he's a cop.
They're gonna kill him.
SWAT will never get there
in time.
Oh, we have our ways.
PILOT:
Okay, we're about a half klick
from the L.Z.
Infrared drone showed
six heat signatures.
One of them
should be Arkun.
All right, listen up.
Bird got us here quick,
but we lose
the element of surprise,
so keep heads on swivels.
ETA to drop site is one mike.
PILOT:
Estimate in 400.
DEACON:
Let's get ready to drop!
Just let me kill him.
We need to know what information
he passed on to the cops first.
You ready to start talking?
ELLEN:
He needed my help
to get away. I mean, the police
can't know he's here, right?
Do they know about the drugs?
You are going to tell me.
[helicopter whirring]
Chopper!
How did they
find us, huh?
You two, load up what you can.
He is coming with me.
PILOT: Checking for hazards.OFFICER: Prepare the rope!
PILOT: Okay, looks clear.OFFICER: Roger.
OFFICER:
We're good back here.
OFFICER 2: Rope line's away.
Ropes are coming down.
Lines in place.
All right, once we're down,
Street, Alfaro,
and Powell,
you get inside
that house.
Rocker, you and I'll
hook around the front.
First team ready?Ready.
Ready.
We got your backs.
Send them.
ROCKER:
Got guys coming for us.
[gunshots]
STREET:
We're on the ground.
Suspects have gone back inside.
DEACON:
Stand by.
Second team ready?Ready.
Ready.
Send them.
Third roper ready.
He's out on the left.
Halfway.
Copy.[indistinct chatter]
OFFICER: Check.DEACON: I'm down!
Helicopter clear.
PILOT:
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go!
OFFICER:
Rope's clear.
Get two.
Two. Powell!
LAPD! Drop your weapons!Drop your weapons!
Drop your weapon!
Drop it.
One suspect down.
Drop your weapon.
On your knees.
Hands behind your back.
Second suspect in custody.
[gunshot]
Hands behind your back.
Third suspect in custody.
[car engine starts]Outside.
LAPD.
Let's go. Come on.Let him go, Nazarian.
Let him go.No!
Don't move.
Hands behind
your head.
Nazarian's getting away in a
black SUV. He's still got Arkun.
STREET:
Nazarian's heading for the gate.
Rocker!
On your knees now.
30-David, we're on him.
[truck engine starts]
[tires screech]
Nazarian's not
an experienced driver,
and this is a narrow road.
[horn honking]
DEACON:
Hang on.
We need a little more.
Gaining.
[grunts]
Show me your hands.
Out of the car.
You okay, Detective?[grunts] Yeah.
On your knees. Now.
It's over, Nazarian.
Very glad to see you guys.Right back at you.
50-David to Command,
we have Arkun, safe and sound.
30-David. We are Code Four.
[indistinct radio chatter]
LAFD swept the house,
found Nazarian's
stockpile of Iso.
Looks like we're gonna be able
to recover all of it.All right.
And Ellen Ohanyan,
she's offering to testify
against her father.
For my money,
Ellen blew her chance
when she
ratted out Arkun,
but the D.A.
can sort that out.
Detective Arkun.
Sergeant Clark's
on his way.
I'm glad to see we're gonna be
able to hand you back to him
in one piece.Barely. [chuckles]
Seriously, SWAT's the reason
I'm alive right now.
Hey, you are the one
that put it all on the line.
LAPD's gonna finally
be able to close the book
on Nazarian's full operation
because of your good work.
Congratulations,
Detective.
Well, I'm gonna go,
uh, get patched up.
Take care.
Well, I got to say,
I expected at least
half a dozen wisecracks
from Rocker about
50-Squad's superiority, but
he's not so bad.Nah, he'll do in a pinch.
Today was about
coming together.
Hey, Hondo.
I know it's been a day,
but I got to talk to you.
What's up?
Alfaro said that
you and Rocker got permission
to trade Powell
to 50-Squad.
Do you think that-that
I've failed with her?Okay, hold up, Street.
No one said that.
None of this was supposed
to be public knowledge.
I was gonna talk to you
this morning.
But then Tan's thing happened.Yeah, yeah, it sure did.
But you still shouldn't have
heard it from someone else.
That's on me.So, I-I don't understand.
Are you trying
to get rid of Powell?No. Look, you've helped
Powell hone her instincts,
curb that attitude.
We haven't had a problem
with her in months.
So, why approve
the trade offer?
Powell had a rough start
with us, to say the least,
but I've been
watching her lately,
and it just made me wonder
if she might not appreciate
a fresh start
with another team.
I don't want
to force her out.
I want to give her
the option.
She wants to be
on 20-Squad.
All right,
listen to me.
The hardest part of being
someone else's mentor,
is getting to that moment
when you realize
that you
got to step back
and let them decide.[sighs]
Way back when, I was terrified
to let you pick your own path.
I thought that if I didn't guide
every little decision,
that you would
pick wrong.
I mean, I did.
I left the team.
Was it wrong?
You came back stronger
and more dialed in.
I stopped hovering,
and look at you now.
I hear you.
I just really don't want her
to trade out.
Her choice to make.
Tan?
I didn't finish
filing everything,
but I'll get back
to it tomorrow.
What's going on?
Tan, your employment status
has been taken out
of SWAT's hands.
HICKS:The inspector general
made a tougher recommendation
to the brass.
Chief called me five minutes ago
and confirmed it.
You've been suspended.
YANNICK:
It's just for two weeks,
but if you want to appeal
the decision...
It's fine.
Anything else?
You're gonna need to surrender
your service weapon.
And your badge.
I'll see you soon, Officer.
If you need anything...
No, sir.
I'll get my head on straight.
You don't need to worry.
Hey.Hey.
Listen, uh,
about Alfaro...
Oh. I should've known
he was blowing smoke.
As it turns out,
he wasn't.
Yeah, I, uh, just
talked to Hondo, and
there is going to be
an open slot on 50-Squad,
and it's yours, if you want it.
Wow. It's real?Yeah, it's real.
Huh.
Hey,
before you make
any decisions... [sighs]
just know that
everyone on 20-Squad
knows that you are
an amazing SWAT officer,
no caveats attached.
Street, you, uh...
you do push me to be better.
I get that.
Well, good, 'cause
that's not gonna change,
no matter what, even if you do
switch to Rocker's team.
Of course, that's gonna make
the inter-squad relay
really complicated
considering I'm gonna be
trying to sabotage you
and cheer you on,
but whatever.
We'll make it work.
Because you're my friend,
and I support whatever
you choose. Cool?
Cool.
I know what I want.
Well, I mean, I-I think
you have a little time.
You don't have to rush it
or anything.
No, I don't need time.
I'm staying on 20-Squad.
I came in
with some baggage,
and I'm still
getting over it, but...
you guys make me feel like
I'm up for the challenge.
No matter how hard
you make it.
I'll see you tomorrow.See you tomorrow.
Hey.
Come on in.
Boss, I understand
why I'm suspended.
I'm not fighting it.
Maybe it'll be good for me.
I'm gonna take the time,
and think
everything over.
I didn't invite you
over here
for a lecture.
We just thought you might like
some dinner and some company.
You not coming in to HQ
doesn't mean
we're not here for whatever
you might need.
And if that's just spaghetti
and mindless gossip,
we can do that.
We started a sewing circle
at the community center,
and the drama in the over-70 set
is real.
[chuckles]
The end was pretty sudden,
but, um, looking back,
Bonnie and I haven't been good
for a while.
I didn't know how
to tell anyone, or
maybe I didn't want to 'cause
if I didn't say anything,
I didn't have to admit
that I failed.
Oh, Tan, honey.Hey, hey, listen to me,
you did not fail.
Okay, but, um, I'm not
supposed to be like this.
I'm not the person that you
got to worry about.
My-my dad got sick,
I-I'm the brother
who stuck around.
When-when Buck left
and Street came,
and everything
was chaos,
I'm the person no one
had to check in on.
I-I handle things.
I-I have it together.
Okay, I need you
to understand something.
No one expects you
to be perfect.
Okay, we take our turns
falling apart,
but then we
lean on each other
when our own road
gets tough, that's it.
I can do that.
Just...
Maybe starting with some
of that spaghetti?
[both chuckle]I thought you'd never ask.
You are my team, Tan.
That means
you're family.
I don't want you
to ever feel alone,
all right?
Come on.
Let's get some grub.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org